sequenceDiagram
    participant browser
    participant server

    browser->>server: POST https://studies.cs.helsinki.fi/exampleapp/new_note_spa
    activate server
    server-->>browser:  status code 201
    deactivate server

    Note right of browser:This time, the browser sends only one request to the server(POST request).
    Note right of browser:The POST request to the address is new_note_spa contains the new note as JSON data containing both the content of the note (content) and the timestamp (date) (In the payload tab inside payload request we can see it). The Content-Type header of the request tells the server that the included data is represented in JSON format.
    Note right of browser:Without this header, the server would not know how to correctly parse the data.
    Note right of browser:This time the server does not ask for a redirect, the browser stays on the same page, and it sends no further HTTP requests.
    Note right of browser:What it does it basically the command in javascript code(which is got from the server(spa.js), which is also different from the previous main.js which we get in when we didn't use spa.), document.getElementById('notes_form') instructs the code to fetch the form element from the page and to register an event handler to handle the form's submit event.
    Note right of browser:The event handler immediately calls the method e.preventDefault() to prevent the default handling of form's submit. The default method would send the data to the server and cause a new GET request, which we don't want to happen.
    Note right of browser:Then the event handler creates a new note, adds it to the notes list with the command notes.push(note), rerenders the note list on the page and sends the new note to the server. Javascript code is managing all this.
    Note right of browser:The javascript code(spa.js) determines that the data is to be sent with an HTTP POST request and the data type is to be JSON. The data type is determined with a Content-type header. Then the data is sent as JSON string.
    Note right of browser:Basically, The SPA version of the app does not traditionally send the form data, but instead uses the JavaScript code it fetched from the server.